Update BN rules (#2683)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators/Rules/en.md

+ **Disqualifications should primarily be done for beatmaps with unrankable issues, or if the beatmapset owner requests it.**
+ **Disqualification requests by the beatmapset owner can be applied immediately.** This includes yourself, in case you want to self-dq.
+ **Issues that can be mitigated through online offsets, tags or similar must still be disqualified.** In the case that this is not possible, contact a member of the NAT. Online offsets and tags only apply for the website, so players will still have the issues in the client unless fixed before ranked.

> + **Qualified beatmaps found with unrankable issues must be disqualified immediately.** 

Reviewer: ![Screen Shot 2019-10-17 at 10 59 16 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30382015/67069376-c73f0b80-f131-11e9-8ea4-e81c0f951aa0.png)

Author: yes

> + **Qualified beatmaps found with unrankable issues must be disqualified immediately.** 

Reviewer 2: i think it'd make sense to include issues of any kind in this rule and get rid of the 24/48 hour wait rule (next line), since there's less ways to track those times easily with only the new notifications system

Author: did

> + **Qualified beatmaps found with unrankable or significant issues must be disqualified immediately.**

Reviewer 3: this can't be enforced and doesn't mean a whole lot because posted issues will disqualify the beatmap anyway
```suggestion
```

Author: I get where you’re coming from but it feels incredibly silly to have this left out even if it’s a bit redundant. There are people who don’t DQ right away anyways and instead wait for the last day to DQ for unrankables so it’s easily enforcable when things aren’t posted as problems and instead with a suggestion prefaced with [!].

> + **Do not disqualify beatmaps of game modes you are not formally qualified for.** This does not apply to disqualifications regarding audio, backgrounds, and other content that does not directly pertain to the beatmapset's game mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+ **Do not disqualify beatmaps of game modes you are not formally qualified for.** This does not apply to disqualifications regarding audio, backgrounds, and other content that does not directly pertain to the beatmaps' game modes.
```
beatmapsets don't have game modes /shrug

Author: This needs to be changed in the veto section as well then will do soon
